# DataCleaning
Data Cleaning efforts for our MADS Capstone Project

# Adding Weather Information
Our main source for weather data comes from the USA government agency, the National Centers for Environmental Information (NCEI), in the form of their Integrated Surface Dataset (https://www.ncei.noaa.gov/access/search/data-search/global-hourly?bbox=28.675,-81.514,28.401,-81.240). This dataset contains a variety of useful information such as wind conditions, sky conditions, visibility, temperature, and percipitation. One of the things to note is that all the data originates from the Orlando Internation Airport, where the weather measuring equipment was located. We decided that this location was geographically close enough to Walt Disney World that the weather patterns should translate fairly closely (approximately 16 miles away). Furthermore, within the geographical constraint that we set (City of Orland, Florida), this was the only waypoint located from which data could be sourced.

This dataset can be fairly nondescript in it's naming scheme and formatting so we used the formatting document (https://www.ncei.noaa.gov/data/global-hourly/doc/isd-format-document.pdf) and dictionary mapping to convert these values to more human-legible ones. Some of the more interesting tidbits of information that we had hoped to contribute to ride times were wind conditions, sky conditions, temperature, and percipitation. An assumption that we held was that inclement weather would be a large deterrent for people going on rides and would lower the wait times for those rides. What we found during our modeling phase was that this was not the case. In fact, weather conditions like rain did not rank highly in terms of feature importance and was not significant at all. Looking at the dataset for the 
